README.md, before:

pmim-module: Primary Module Repository
============================================
<pre>
Conducted by:
  Bulacan State University
  College of Information and Communication Technology
  BSIT 4A-G1, Double Seven Group
    Leader:   Jeanne Gabrielle David
    Mambers:  Mary Louise Bitang
              Rhea Lyn Tayao
              Camille Ganelo
              Ryan Reyes
              Ralph Reggie Sto. Domingo
    
In participation of:
  Automation of Various Offices of the City Government of Malolos, Bulacan
  Local Government Automation System: Personnel Management and Information Module
  (to-do: place coordinator/s' name/s here)

Repository information:
  This repository contains the project proper: CodeIgniter files, site layout and content, views, models and controllers.
  All members are granted pull access and write permission, but are encouraged to consult other members before committing 
    any changes made to the files included.
  This readme will also be edited to contain announcements that are need to be read before opening the repo. 
  Please be notified accordingly.
</pre>

Commit message:

added an announcement in README.md
Added announcement regarding repository cloning preferences.

README.md, after:

pmim-module: Primary Module Repository
============================================
<pre>
Conducted by:
  Bulacan State University
  College of Information and Communication Technology
  BSIT 4A-G1, Double Seven Group
    Leader:   Jeanne Gabrielle David
    Mambers:  Mary Louise Bitang
              Rhea Lyn Tayao
              Camille Ganelo
              Ryan Reyes
              Ralph Reggie Sto. Domingo
    
In participation of:
  Automation of Various Offices of the City Government of Malolos, Bulacan
  Local Government Automation System: Personnel Management and Information Module
  (to-do: place coordinator/s' name/s here)

Repository information:
  This repository contains the project proper: CodeIgniter files, site layout and content, views, models and controllers.
  All members are granted pull access and write permission, but are encouraged to consult other members before committing 
    any changes made to the files included.
  This readme will also be edited to contain announcements that are need to be read before opening the repo. 
  Please be notified accordingly.
  
  Announcements:
  4:56 PM 4/8/2014: Ralph Sto. Domingo: [Important] Cloning Preferences
  
  By the way, this also serves as the format of announcements.
  This assumes you have already installed XAMPP.
  Open your XAMPP installation folder, and locate the htdocs folder. 
  Assuming you haven't changed the default installation folder, it would be "C:\xampp\htdocs".
  This folder is where you should put files that require XAMPP parsing (PHP) so this is
	where I decided to put repo clones.
  Create a folder inside, and name it "pmim".
  Open GitHub for Windows and click Tools. Click Options.
  Change the default storage directory to the pmim folder you created.
  Assuming you haven't changed the default installation folder, it would be "C:\xampp\htdocs\pmim".
  Click the Update button below.
  Under the heading GitHub, click pmimdoubleseven. Repositories should appear on the pane on the right.
  Hover along the repository names until an outline appears. The description should appear as Clone.
  Click Clone. GitHub will now download the repository and load the files in "C:\xampp\htdocs\pmim\(repository name)".
  

</pre>
